Docs: Build on Summit (OLCF) with CMake (#1462)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/building/summit.rst

   python3 -m pip install --upgrade mpi4py --no-binary mpi4py
   python3 -m pip install --upgrade -r $HOME/src/warpx/Tools/LibEnsemble/requirements.txt

> Then, ``cd`` into the directory ``$HOME/src/warpx`` and use the following commands to compile with :ref:`_building-cmake`:

Reviewer: Sorry for this, I meant the link below the command :)
```suggestion
Then, ``cd`` into the directory ``$HOME/src/warpx`` and use the following commands to compile:
```

Author: Thanks @ax3l
Oh no need to be sorry! It makes more sense that way.

.. code-block:: bash

   mkdir -p build
   cd build
   cmake .. -DWarpX_OPENPMD=ON -DWarpX_DIMS=3 -DWarpX_COMPUTE=CUDA -DCMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES=70 -DCUDA_ARCH=7.0
   make -j 10

> The other :ref:`general compile-time options <building-source>` apply as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The general :ref:`cmake compile-time options <building-cmake>` apply as usual.
```

.. code-block:: bash

   mkdir -p build
   cd build

>    cmake .. -DWarpX_OPENPMD=ON -DWarpX_DIMS=3 -DWarpX_COMPUTE=CUDA -DCMAKE_CUDA_ARCHITECTURES=70 -DCUDA_ARCH=7.0

Reviewer: Thank you!

With the (not yet merged) PR #1459 this will become shorter again. Will update once this landed.
